[Music]
god these pants and burning up she wants
to snuggle now what is she trying to
kill me it's like a volcano in here are
you HOT no okay let's just be me then
[Applause]
that was just the pants and the couch
hey do you mind if I use your bathroom
[Music]
oh okay
hello Joey its Ross I need some help
Chandler's not here well you can help me
today
I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom nice no I
got really hot in my leather pants so I
took them off but they must have shrunk
from there the sweat or something or or
my legs expanded from the heat that is
quite a situation do you see any like
powder sprinkle some of that on your
legs it'll absorb some of the moisture
and then you can get your pants back on
yeah hold on
[Laughter]
you see any Oh Vaseline oh hey I see
lotion I have lotion will that work
yeah sure throw some of that on there
rocks okay
still there's still not coming on man
and the motion and the powder have made
a paste really what color is it
well I'll just if the paste matches the
pants you can make yourself a pair of
paste pants do you have a minute dude
what am I got Rachel's here so good luck
man let me know how it works out I have
Ross um you've been in there for a long
time I'm starting to get kind of freaked
out hey can you turn the lights off no
let's just leave the lights on oh my god
you heard about your pants I'm so sorry
this year was supposed to be great well
totally the second day and I'm a loser
with stupid leather pants that don't
even look at me
into a picture of you oh you're a cowboy
oh because of the leather pants David
doesn't think you're a loser
he thinks you're a cowboy I mean that's
something yeah really
[Music]
maybe I should get another pair they had
some with us with with fringe all down
the sides I'm gonna go kiss Ben good
night
I can't believe he thinks on my cowboy I
would make a good cowboy